Update readme.md (#1982)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/117-javascript-chrome-dev-tools/readme.md

> # Javascript chrome dev tools
> 
> DevTools are a set of web developer tools that are unbuilt inside the Google Chrome browser. DevTools allow you to view and change/manipulate the DOM(Document Object Model) and work with JavaScript by allowing you to debug, view messages and run JavaScript code in the console.
> 
> To access DevTools on **MacOs** use **Option + ⌘ + J**, and for **Windows** use **Shift + CTRL + J**.
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://medium.com/swlh/the-basics-of-chrome-devtools-4d69a102a699#:~:text=DevTools%20is%20a%20set%20of,JavaScript%20code%20in%20the%20console.'>Read more about DevTools</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Chrome Dev Tools

DevTools are a set of web developer tools that are unbuilt inside the Google Chrome browser. DevTools allow you to view and change/manipulate the DOM(Document Object Model) and work with JavaScript by allowing you to debug, view messages and run JavaScript code in the console.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://medium.com/swlh/the-basics-of-chrome-devtools-4d69a102a699'>Read more about DevTools</BadgeLink>
```
